What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository it adds a hidden git file to the specified 
directory that tracks metadata on the directory. You do it in order to run 
all of the git commands you need to handle version control.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is the place in between the working directory and the 
repository. It's where you put the files from the working directory that are
ready to go to the repository. The main value it offers is that it provides an
area to put only the pieces of the working directory that you'd like to 
commit, rather than making you commit everything from the working directory.
It's sort of just a logical separator in my mind.

How can you use the staging area to make sure that you have one commit
per logical change?

You can run git diff --staged before you commit to see the changes in the 
version in the staging area relative to the most recent commit

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

For the code I keep now, branches would be helpful for me because I create a 
lot of SQL queries that are very similar. I usually start by creating a "base"
query that pulls out some data into a csv file. Then a few weeks or months 
later, someone will ask for another piece of information that's somehow related
and I'll have to customize the query. It'd be really nice to know how all of
those pieces fit together.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Like any good diagrams, these diagrams elucidate the fundamental purpose of
branching as it relates to git, which is to allow for different version of the
same project to exist simultaneously and show how these parts are related

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it 
in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches together creates a single repository where there used to
be two. Based on the latest common commit and the differences in the two files
it creates a single unified repository that incorporates all of the updates
that have been made to the repository in both branches

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

The pros of Git's automatic merging is that it reduces the amount of time you'd
have to spend pulling two different commits together and simplifies the whole
process. The cons are that you might end up including code that you might not
want in there and that you still have to resolve conflicts between parts of
code that might have been changed in both commits